Issue 11354 fixing docs for lfnf (#11361)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/reference/reference.rst

                            tests. Optional argument: glob (default: '*').
      --cache-clear         Remove all cache contents at start of test run
      --lfnf={all,none}, --last-failed-no-failures={all,none}

>                             With ``--lf``, determines whether to execute tests when there

Reviewer: I just remembered this text is actually automatically generated, but no harm updating it manually (it will be overwritten later).

Author: Ohh I didn't know that actually. 
Good to know, is that why the help code in cacheprovider and in reference are the same?

Reviewer: Yes!

                            tests. Optional argument: glob (default: '*').
      --cache-clear         Remove all cache contents at start of test run
      --lfnf={all,none}, --last-failed-no-failures={all,none}

>                             Determines whether to execute tests when there
>                             are no previously (known) failures or when no
>                             cached ``lastfailed`` data was found.
>                             This option governs the behavior of ``--if``.
>                             Default ``all`` runs all tests with no known failures.
>                             ``none`` avoids tests and exits if no failures.

Reviewer: Some minor tweaks:

```suggestion
                            With ``--lf``, determines whether to execute tests when there
                            are no previously (known) failures or when no
                            cached ``lastfailed`` data was found.
                            ``all`` (the default) runs the full test suite again.
                            ``none`` just emits a message about no known failures and exits successfully.
```

Author: Thanks for the feedback, update the code here: 75e815f6c1dd5705c3a1f6d11b320013775b59e4
